Added size.md in the java folder (#1470)
Codecademy/docs: content/java/concepts/array-list/terms/size/size.md

---
Title: '.size()'
Description: 'Returns the number of elements in the ArrayList.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Arrays'
  - 'Data Types'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The `size()` method of the `ArrayList` class returns the number of elements in the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`size()`** method of the `ArrayList` class returns the number of elements in the list.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo

> int size() = list.size()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
int size = list.size()
```

```

## Example

> 

Reviewer: We'd like to see a sentence describing what the example does to introduce the example.

Author: alright I will add now :)

---
Title: '.size()'
Description: 'Returns the number of elements in the ArrayList.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Arrays'
  - 'Data Types'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`size()`** method of the `ArrayList` class returns the number of elements in the list.

## Syntax

```pseudo

> int size = list.size()

Reviewer 2: Can we include a sentence about what is returned (can mention the type which would explain the explicit `int` and link out to https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/java/data-types). Also, include what `list` represents.

Author: sure and @yangc95 can you let me know why my old pr are not getting merged even after changing everything that I was asked to change?

Reviewer 2: > can you let me know why my old pr are not getting merged even after changing everything that I was asked to change?

Thanks for the changes 🙂 Maintainers are working to get every submitted PR up to standards and merged in a timely manner so ty for your patience!

```

## Example

> In the following example we will create a `ArrayList` in which we use **`.add()`** to elements in the `ArrayList` and in the end we will use **`.size()`** to print the size of the `ArrayList`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example creates a `ArrayList`, uses `.add()` to add to elements to the `ArrayList`, and in the end uses `.size()` to print the size of the `ArrayList`:
```

```java
import java.util.ArrayList;

public class Main {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    // Create an ArrayList of Strings
    ArrayList<String> list = new ArrayList<>();

    // Add some elements to the list
    list.add("Apple");
    list.add("Banana");
    list.add("Orange");

    // Get the size of the list
    int size = list.size();

    // Print the size of the list
    System.out.println("Size of list: " + size);
  }
}
```

The output for the above code is:

```

> Size of list: 3"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Size of list: 3
```

---
Title: '.size()'
Description: 'Returns the number of elements in the ArrayList.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Arrays'
  - 'Data Types'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.size()`** method of the `ArrayList` class returns the number of elements in the list.

## Syntax

> Here we will declare a variable `size` of type [`int`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/java/data-types)  and initializing it with the size of a `list`. Here the `List` interface is an ordered collection of elements and is implemented by various classes such as `ArrayList`, `LinkedList`, and `Vector`:

Reviewer 2: Removing "we"pronoun here

```suggestion
Here, a variable `size` of type [`int`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/java/data-types) is initialized with the size of a `list`. The `List` [interface](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/java/interfaces) is an ordered collection of elements and is implemented by various classes such as `ArrayList`, `LinkedList`, and `Vector`:
```

```pseudo
int size = list.size()
```

## Example

> The following example creates an `ArrayList`, uses `.add()` to add to elements to the `ArrayList`, and uses `.size()` to print the size of the `ArrayList`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example creates an `ArrayList`, uses [`.add()`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/java/array-list/add) to append elements to it, and uses `.size()` to print out its size:
```

```java
import java.util.ArrayList;

public class Main {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    // Create an ArrayList of Strings
    ArrayList<String> list = new ArrayList<>();

    // Add some elements to the list
    list.add("Apple");
    list.add("Banana");
    list.add("Orange");

    // Get the size of the list
    int size = list.size();

    // Print the size of the list
    System.out.println("Size of list: " + size);
  }
}
```

The output for the above code is:

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```shell
```
